You
Front of the goal so right there
Here it comes the perfect trajectory
No, wait another pasta Dean hands off. That's mine
Not you
See
Push up counter all the up short ball to Carter soon. There's no straight man in your double act
Then I'll have to deliver the punchline
Hail they're close to winning
This is bad. Those two. Why do they crash into each other?
Antenna berserker bottom my last check
Look at you makes me sick the guy likes seeing your fleeting head
Dean reads the field and arrives at the optimal course of action
Hands-off, that's mine
Cheeto relies on instinct to make the perfect choice
They got the same answer, but their processes were too different for them to link up
These are the top two players
Are they the least compatible?
I
Know wait
There's the piece how can I take advantage
No
Fish touch guy knock fuck good day
Joe
She a young
ainda
Castine
Can't stem
oh
Two
God
I can do
Love
Eso
antikycula
Don't switch
See you next time.
That's how they made it this far.
It worked for them.
Up until this point.
The question is,
can two players like that really coexist on the same team?
Try doing that again,
and you and your career are gonna die out here.
You use those antennae to read the field,
or are they just for show, cockroach?
No.
They're incapable of meshing.
Wait, is that how I can contribute?
By helping them link up?
One problem.
If the other team scores again, it's game over.
I have to try.
This is how I'll show I'm irreplaceable.
I can't afford to fail!
Pretty clear the only thing working for you is that one-two.
Go on, let's see you pass now.
Oh, Toya?
He's tough.
He's a tough fox.
Iori!
Over here!
I'm wide open!
Isagi?
You picked a good lane to run into.
It might have even worked if I weren't here.
Damn you!
He's persistent.
I have to find a way to get past him.
Otherwise, I can't do anything.
Need some help?
I got you!
No!
Nanase?
Rain and Shiro,
those moves are unreal.
I can't even begin wrapping my head around them.
But yours, Isegi, I can see them so clearly!
Impressive.
He could tell that I was moving in to support Rain and made his own off-the-ball run to back
me up.
This can work.
Perfect!
Right there, yeah?
I'm on it!
Good.
Nanase has him distracted.
I'll juke diagonally through his blind spot!
Nice try!
Shut up!
I'll cut back!
His hand!
Don't let him get a grip!
Dodge the grab-
Onto the Through Pass.
I did it!
The picture-
It's expanding!
I can see my way to the goal!
I'm still a bit too far out to shoot, plus Chigiri's in the way.
But here comes Rain.
If I can give him a pinpoint pass, he can score.
But Otoya's there too.
It'd be difficult to pull off.
Shido!
But he's got his back to the goal.
Hold on.
A one-two will get me past Chigiri.
And a clear pass to the net.
Some good old box play.
Okay, Shido.
Get ready.
I found it.
This is our chemical reaction.
Nice assist, small fry.
He pivoted on the spot?
He pulled off a spinning banana shot.
Not only does he have a strong core,
his shooting motion is super fast.
Shido is completely dominant in the penalty area.
I'm the strongest beast on the field, especially here.
I've been waiting for this to happen.
I can't believe I'm being called an idiot.
I thought I was the only one who could do this.
I was an idiot expecting him to pass to me.
Whoa, he's a monster.
Still, because Nanase was nearby, I had more options.
That goal was because of him.
You got yourself an assist.
Congrats.
Thanks a lot, Nanase.
Sure.
No offense or anything.
But you're the one guy I can keep up with.
You're the one who's going to score?
I'm starting to discover new play styles.
I've finally become part of this game.
All right, let's go.
One thing left for me to score.
Looks like Yoichi Isagi's finally coming online.
Talk about a pain.
If he scores, it's over.
I've got to steal.
I'm going to blast past you again and finish this match.
Take notes, Mr. Average.
You're in over your head, Isagi.
He targets players weaker than him.
Kata, sue the Chrome.
Stop scavenging the dead and come at me.
Ha, that's rich.
Coming from a big G like you.
Keep it up, I'll sue you for abuse of power.
These two, they're completely ignoring me.
I'm going to beat you to death.
He raised his elbow at the right moment and deflected my hand.
My sense of distance got wrecked.
Guess you're number one for a reason, Rin Itoshi.
In that case, I give up on going through him.
A pass it is.
I'll take a step back to keep hold of the ball.
My blind spot! How did...
Good! I've got the ball!
Nice one, Isagi!
Hey, I'm ready over here!
Nanase and Hiyori are reacting to my movements.
It's time to counterattack!
What's up? My road is closed.
Oh, Toya, he got back so fast!
But...
Hisagi!
Are you ready?
I know Nanase supports and follows me.
And with Hiyori creating chances with his pass sense,
the other team won't regroup in time!
The three of us can dominate the midfield!
Whoa! I almost missed it!
He's not exactly the best player out here.
Now, Nanase!
Here!
But if I switch the play to the other side,
Hiyori will be free!
I'm picking up what you're putting down.
Keep your eyes straight ahead or you'll crash, Baby Blue.
Oh, so you're stupidly fast, huh?
Figures.
That's why Karasu likes ya.
Before Chigiri closes the distance,
Hiyori needs to either take the shot
or find someone to pass to.
And Shiro's over there.
One reserve seat right in front of the goal.
Just like earlier,
Shiro will run closer to Hiyori to get the ball.
Then, behind him,
a space will open up for about a second at most.
That's the spot where I'll shoot from.
This is my chance!
I will subjugate Shiro!
Ready, striker?
An amazeable move.
Here it comes!
A perfectly shared vision!
Beautiful, Hiyori!
Just like I pictured it!
The final piece!
Shit!
One step short!
I could see it!
And had it all planned out!
But my physical abilities...
They weren't good enough!
Sir?
Cleared it.
No, not yet.
Loose ball!
They're coming in hot!
This was a lot easier when I was up against Mr. Average!
If you don't like the challenge, then stay out of my way!
Stop it, quick!
Shoot it!
I have to leave it, Terin.
When it came to my kick, I was short one step.
But I know he can make it.
Yeah!
We're tied up, folks!
You grabbed onto me so you could steady yourself before taking the shot, huh?
Smart play, genius.
Sounds like you're feeling kinda chatty, Crow.
Their lucky isegi finally showed up.
It's made them a completely different team.
An annoying one.
We did it.
We're asserting ourselves and coexisting with Rin and Shiro.
Even though we're making ourselves useful, it's not enough.
You must subjugate them!
Remember this, Diamonds.
Blue Lock's top six are teammates you're playing alongside.
That's not...
the kind of soccer...
I want to play!
That was close.
You nearly made the goal.
Oh.
Hiyori, that was a nice pass.
That was the only spot I could place it with the limited time I had.
Sorry.
No way.
Your pass was just perfect.
And my analysis and vision were on target.
But dammit!
My physical abilities weren't good enough!
My mind's catching up!
But my body's still lagging behind!
Planning and then executing's too slow.
Trust me.
See it.
Think it through.
And then move.
That's what I'm talking about.
I'm not going to let you down.
I'm going to make you move.
That process might have worked until now and brought you this far.
But if you're trying to score with Rin and Shido on your team, that's another story.
You can't compete with their physical abilities.
So if you're seeing things at their speed, you'll always be too slow.
What the heck, Hiyori?
The way you make it sound, there's nothing I...
So you adapt.
And think reflexively.
The way the world feels will be totally different.
You have to go to the world fully.
Now.
Do we?
Shido.
No.
Oh, I don't remember.
All right.
This Knicks goal wins it all!
I'm going to nab this one good.
Howl in despair, you runt!
I'm not playing nice with you anymore.
Go, Oto-ya!
Okay.
One-two.
Trying to catch me in a pincer?
Well, you're busy doing that.
I'm aiming for the spot you left open.
You morons just lost!
Let's see those afterburners.
You better watch your game.
Those afterburners red.
Chigiri!
Not good.
He's on the right wing with no one marking him.
Ta-da!
And the star takes the stage!
Nice save, Shido!
This time, I'm going to score!
Get the second ball!
I got it.
You want it there?
Ace the game!
Nice one, Nanase!
Here goes.
This is the last shot I'm going to have!
Even if I see a move that surpasses Rin and Shido,
my physical abilities won't get me there.
Not yet!
So you adapt and think reflexively.
But how am I supposed to do that?
I'm not going to lose.
I'm going to win.
It's not instantaneous.
There are three steps.
Read the field, think it through, then move.
That's how my weapon works!
But making it a reflex?
Is something like that even possible?
There you go again, thinking you're better than average.
I'm a murderer, you dingus.
This guy, he always shows up in the worst place.
He's taking it.
Hurry up.
Pass it!
It ends up linking up with me?
And Nanase.
If it's the three of us,
we can break past Karasu and Otoya.
Rin, here!
I'm going to pick it up.
We'll push ahead using pinged passes.
And behind us.
Go, Hiyori!
Slice through them down the left wing!
Not happening.
Come at me, Blue.
Has anyone ever told you how annoying you are?
It's up to you, Hiyori.
Rin and Shido are moving up.
They're both anticipating the timing of your cross.
It comes down to this.
Whoever can dominate the chaos in the goal box
will make the last point!
Even if I aim away from Rin and Shido,
it won't matter.
I'll come up short again.
Which means I aim for another spot.
Where is it?
Behind Shido is open.
No.
That ain't Spline's spot.
Maybe...
Stop it!
How stupid am I?
Envisioning a play and overthinking is too slow!
That thought pattern's outdated!
Just sense it!
And move!
I'm going to make it!
Believe.
Trust in my abilities.
All of my nerve fibers.
All of my senses.
Pour all of it into this moment.
And react!
Now!
Se wouldn't decide if it.
Then when did he decide?
How did he decide?
Well?
Se decided.
If Shido su..!
Who?
No one.
That's all I'll ever say.
It's best you hope they don't trust your powers.
No matter what happens,
let's run against it.
No matter what favorite crap you hear!
The game is over.
Final score, 5-4.
Heesegi!
Holy cow, bro!
That was awesome!
The winner is Team A1!
Score to Supergold!
Dude!
You were so far from Rin and Shido, but you blasted past them and scored a direct shot!
How did you do it?
That was godlike!
You should have seen it!
Actually, I don't even know how I scored that.
I mean, Hiyori gave me some advice and I tried it out.
I left it to my reflexes, and my body ran where it needed to.
You had an awakening!
Oh man, that's great!
Congrats on finding your new skill!
Thanks, but could you please get off me?
Ah!
My bad!
You delivered back there, Yuichi Heesegi.
I could literally feel your cells giving off sparks.
My explosion's the brightest, but I don't think I mind yours.
I'm not the type to give up!
You're super cool.
Good reel.
You don't even know how to break down what you did.
You managed to steal my go through dumb luck.
You know, you're really starting to piss me off.
He's right.
I still don't know exactly how I did it, but I do know.
In that moment, I went beyond Rin and Shido.
You discovered a state of pure concentration.
The flow.
You've dipped your toe into the realm where miracles occur, Yuichi Heesegi.
When you let your brain stain you, the realm now remains.
As I watched your swelling from my invisible block.
The time it flew away, where I could see proof of the invisible.
альный
It never comes .
All that.
this.
Yet to be found.
Will you still live on in this tuo use for all to see in the past?
Came to fill the void.
Yea, don't time to think about it anymore.
You aren't.
Ain't you easy at all.
Hi line.
Just making it a crime.
I can't touch it again, this flame is dyed blue
I'm quietly, passionately, reflecting this heart
I don't feel like it'll ever disappear
In my overflowing feelings
There's only one thing I yearn for
One dream that's all there is to it
One day, just looking at it
One place, I can't go back to when I was
Oh yeah, oh yeah
Just one, this one, yeah
The third player for Team C-4
The third player for Team J-4
The next scene is...
Reio Mikage!
I finally made it.
Now I'm in a place where I can play alongside you...
Nagi.
It's our turn to play next. Shall we go? Say Shiro Nagi.
Sure, Mr. Four Eyes.
Let's see what you got.
Hey, Otsuya. Is it true that you're a descendant of a ninja?
Yup. Believe it.
Then can you do ninjutsu?
Oh yeah, tons.
You mean it? Show me.
Ninja...
Wow.
What the f***?
Tongue-summoning art.
I don't know what that is, but it doesn't seem very ninja-like.
I wanna know what's going on.
Ninja art seducing girls. It works on most ladies.
I think you mean none.
Hold up, missy. Seeing how you're a guy, I've got the perfect skill.
Yeah, I bet it's gonna be stupid.
You see this technique a bunch in manga and anime.
Let me guess. Breathing wind and fire?
You're worthy enough for me to teach my secrets to. Something tells me you'll need them later.
Really?
Absolutely.
Wow. This actually seems cool.
You mean dumb.
Ninja...back hug technique.
Let go.
Ninja art head pat.
I said stop.
Stop.
Secret combination art. Ninja art lift chin and whisper in the ear. You're the best.
When it comes to romance, my techniques are essential. You have to bewitch the other party, win over their heart, and make them confused.
Don't let them see your true nature. That's the secret of the ninja arts.
Don't you mean the secret to creeping on girls? Womanize an egoist.
Yeah, busted. For the record, I wasn't flirting with you two. Now say it with me.
In this life, girls rule.
Mean mean.
Nasty ninja.
What would your ancestors think?